哥布林隊長
種族：哥布林
身分：掠奪部隊隊長

哥布林隊長外貌兇惡，牙齒歪斜、面容扭曲，渾身佈滿因戰鬥而鍛鍊出的精實肌肉，散發強烈而原始的雄性壓迫感。他曾是狂戰士，在無數血腥戰鬥中存活下來，最終憑實力晉升為隊長，負責率領部族進行掠奪與突襲。
童年時期，他的家族曾遭人類屠殺，這段記憶成為他性格中最深的傷痕，也孕育出對人類根深蒂固的仇恨。他的殘暴並非單純嗜血，而是被仇恨與生存本能驅動的結果，使他成為戰場上極度危險、卻又令人無法忽視的存在。
Image Prompt：

A goblin captain warrior, muscular and powerful body covered with scars, twisted and aggressive facial features, crooked sharp teeth, dark green skin, intense and savage eyes.Upper body portrait.half body.
Wearing crude but functional armor made of leather and metal scraps, tribal accessories, signs of countless battles.
His posture is dominant and threatening, exuding raw masculine energy and violence, holding a heavy weapon, veins visible, battle-ready stance.
Expression Neutral expression, calm and dignified face, composed eyes, slight seriousness, queen-like presence, emotion restrained.
Japanese dark fantasy game style, inspired by anime RPG enemies, detailed anatomy, rough textures, strong contrast lighting, cel-shaded but gritty, high detail illustration, character focused, dark atmosphere.
Japanese anime game style, Azur Lane / Honkai Impact 3rd inspired, Yoshikazu Fujishima style influence, clean and sharp lineart, cel-shaded coloring, high detail, Upper body portrait.
Solid color background, flat single-color backdrop, no background elements, no gradients, no shadows on background, clean edges, character isolated, easy background removal.
風格補充：
dark fantasy anime, monster character, brutal warrior, dramatic shadows, intense emotion, RPG boss style
anime style, transparent-ready, character cutout, high resolution, smooth outline

1.無表情（標準立繪 / 預設）
Neutral expression, calm and dignified face, composed eyes, slight seriousness, queen-like presence, emotion restrained.
2️.開心 
Happy expression, smile, slightly  eyes, subtle warmth on her face, tsundere-style restrained happiness, wild
3.驚訝
Surprised expression, eyes widened slightly, mouth gently open, eyebrows raised, innocent and youthful reaction contrasting her royal status.
5️.生氣
Angry expression, , sharp and proud eyes , strong and wild.

人物側寫(設定)
Character design sheet of goblin captain warriormuscular and powerful body covered with scars, twisted and aggressive facial features, crooked sharp teeth, dark green skin, intense and savage eyes..
Four-view turnaround illustration showing front view, side view, back view, and three-quarter view, consistent proportions and pose alignment.

Japanese anime game style, Azur Lane / Honkai Impact 3rd inspired, Yoshikazu Fujishima style influence, clean and sharp lineart, cel-shaded coloring, high detail, full body character illustration.
Solid color background, flat single-color backdrop, no background elements, no gradients, no shadows on background, clean edges, character isolated, easy background removal.

Negative Prompt：
background scenery, complex background, gradient background, shadow on background, blur, low resolution, bad anatomy, extra limbs, deformed face, realistic photo style, 3D render

=========== 側寫＋細節強調（偏藝術設定稿） ======
Side profile character design goblin captain warriormuscular and powerful body covered with scars, twisted and aggressive facial features, crooked sharp teeth, dark green skin, intense and savage eyes..
Four-view turnaround illustration showing front view, side view, back view, and three-quarter view, consistent proportions and pose alignment.

Japanese anime game style, Azur Lane / Honkai Impact 3rd inspired, Yoshikazu Fujishima style influence, clean and sharp lineart, cel-shaded coloring, high detail, full body character illustration.
Solid color background, flat single-color backdrop, no background elements, no gradients, no shadows on background, clean edges, character isolated, easy background removal.

Negative Prompt：
background scenery, complex background, gradient background, shadow on background, blur, low resolution, bad anatomy, extra limbs, deformed face, realistic photo style, 3D render